People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing ﹘ that's why we recommend it daily. - Zig Ziglar
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman ﹘ not the attitude of the prospect. - W. Clement Stone
You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them. - Shonda Rhimes
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. - Og Mandino
Everyone lives by selling something. - Robert Louis Stevenson
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. - Dale Carnegie
I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done. - Lucille Ball
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
If you are not taking care of your customer, your competitor will. - Bob Hooey
The golden rule for every businessman is this: Put yourself in your customer's place. - Orison Swett Marden
Hire character. Train skill. - Peter Schutz
The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are. They are frank in admitting this and are willing to pay for such talents. - Antos Parrish
Beware of monotony; it’s the mother of all the deadly sins.” - Edith Wharton
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word ﹘ excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it. - Pearl Buck
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. - J.M. Barrie
Without a customer, you don’t have a business ﹘ all you have is a hobby. - Don Peppers
To be most effective in sales today, it's imperative to drop your 'sales' mentality and start working with your prospects as if they've already hired you. - Jill Konrath
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil. - J. Paul Getty
Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, 'Make me feel important.' Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life. - Mary Kay Ash
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. - Robert Kiyosaki
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will. - Vince Lombardi
Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far. - Gary Vaynerchuk
Working hard for something we don't care about is called stressed; working hard for something we love is called passion. - Simon Sinek
Move out of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new. - Brian Tracy
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. - Henry Ford
It's not just about being better. It's about being different. You need to give people a reason to choose your business. - Tom Abbott
How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable? - Seth Godin
Someday is not a day of the week. - Denise Brennan-Nelson
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. - Napoleon Hill
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs
I didn’t get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it. - Estée Lauder
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. - Andy Warhol
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. - Joshua J. Marine
Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender; it’s holy ground. There’s no greater investment. - Stephen Covey
Done is better than perfect. - Sheryl Sandberg
Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do. The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Alan Kay
Premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming. - Donald Knuth
Lisp has jokingly been called 'the most intelligent way to misuse a computer'. I think that description is a great compliment because it transmits the full flavor of liberation: it has assisted a number of our most gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts. - Edsger Dijkstra, CACM, 15:10
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great. - Mark Twain
What Paul does, and does very well, is to take ideas and concepts that are beautiful in the abstract, and brings them down to a real world level. That's a rare talent to find in writing these days. - Jeff 'hemos' Bates, Director, OSDN; Co-evolver, Slashdot
No problem should ever have to be solved twice. - Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacker
Attitude is no substitute for competence. - Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacker
It is said that the real winner is the one who lives in today but able to see tomorrow. - Juan Meng, Reviewing 'The future of ideas' by Lawrence Lessig
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it. - Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God. - Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
Dealing with failure is easy: Work hard to improve. Success is also easy to handle: You've solved the wrong problem. Work hard to improve. - Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
Within a computer natural language is unnatural. - Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
You think you know when you learn, are more sure when you can write, even more when you can teach, but certain when you can program. - Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
Adapting old programs to fit new machines usually means adapting new machines to behave like old ones. - Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
A little learning is a dangerous thing. - Alexander Pope
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter. - Eric Raymond
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary. - Frederick P. Brooks, No Sliver Bullet.
Students should be evaluated on how well they can achieve the goals they strived to achieve within a realistic context. Students need to learn to do things, not know things. - Roger Schank, Engines for Education
There really is no learning without doing. - Roger Schank, Engines for Education
The only problems we can really solve in a satisfactory manner are those that finally admit a nicely factored solution. - E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programmer
The best way to learn to live with our limitations is to know them. -E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programmer
An expert is, according to my working definition 'someone who doesn't need to look up answers to easy questions'. - Eric Lippert.
The programmer must seek both perfection of part and adequacy of collection. - Alan J. Perlis
Thus, programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. - Alan J. Perlis
Lisp programmers know the value of everything but the cost of nothing. - Alan J. Perlis
An interpreter raises the machine to the level of the user program; a compiler lowers the user program to the level of the machine language. - SICP
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler. - Albert Einstein
The great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed in five words: "I did not have time." - WestHost weekly newsletter 14 Feb 2003
When your enemy is making a very serious mistake, don't be impolite and disturb him. - Napoleon Bonaparte (allegedly)
A charlatan makes obscure what is clear; a thinker makes clear what is obscure. - Hugh Kingsmill
The three chief virtues of a programmer are: Laziness, Impatience and Hubris. - Larry Wall (Programming Perl)
All non-trivial abstractions, to some degree, are leaky. - Joel Spolsky (The Law of Leaky Abstractions)
XML wasn't designed to be edited by humans on a regular basis. - Guido van Rossum
Premature abstraction is an equally grevious sin as premature optimization. - Keith Devens
You can have premature generalization as well as premature optimization. - Bjarne Stroustrup
He causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous. - Matthew 5:45
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming, is not worth knowing. - Alan Perlis
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction. - Blaise Pascal (attributed)
Everybody makes their own fun. If you don't make it yourself, it ain't fun -- it's entertainment. - David Mamet (as relayed by Joss Whedon)
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as *lines produced* but as *lines spent*. - Edsger Dijkstra
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him. - Galileo Galilei
Philosophy: the finding of bad reasons for what one believes by instinct. - Brave New World (paraphrased)
Fools! Don't they know that tears are a woman's most effective weapon? - Catwoman (The Batman TV Series, episode 83)
It's like a condom; I'd rather have it and not need it than need it and not have it. - some chick in Alien vs. Predator, when asked why she always carries a gun
C++ is history repeated as tragedy. Java is history repeated as farce. - Scott McKay
Simplicity takes effort-- genius, even. - Paul Graham
Show, don't tell. - unknown
In God I trust; I will not be afraid. What can mortal man do to me? - David (Psalm 56:4)")
Linux is only free if your time has no value. - Jamie Zawinski
Code is poetry. - wordpress.org
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice. - Rush (Freewill)
Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them. - Alfred North Whitehead (Introduction to Mathematics)		
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil. - Cicero
The reason to do animation is caricature. Good caricature picks out the essense of the statement and removes everything else. It's not simply about reproducing reality; It's about bumping it up. - Brad Bird, writer and director, The Incredibles
Mistakes were made. - Ronald Reagan
I would rather be an optimist and be wrong than a pessimist who proves to be right. The former sometimes wins, but never the latter. - 'Hoots');
What is truth? - Pontius Pilate
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it. - Ferris Bueller
The direct pursuit of happiness is a recipe for an unhappy life. - Donald Campbell 
All problems in computer science can be solved by another level of indirection. - Butler Lampson
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them. - Aristotle.
There are many ways to avoid success in life, but the most sure-fire just might be procrastination. - Hara Estroff Marano.
PI seconds is a nanocentury. - [fact]
A non negative binary integer value x is a power of 2 iff (x & (x-1)) is 0 using 2's complement arithmetic. - [fact]
Dont give users the opportunity to lock themselves. - unknown
Any fool can make the simple complex, only a smart person can make the complex simple. - unknown
Only bad designers blame their failings on the users. - unknown
When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. - unknown
If there is a will, there is a way. - unknown
Having large case statements in an object-oriented language is a sure sign your design is flawed. - [Fixing architecture flaws in Rails' ORM]
New eyes have X-ray vision. [someone that hasn't written it is more likely to spot the bug. 'someone' can be you after a break] - William S. Annis
So - what are the most important problems in software engineering? I’d answer “dealing with complexity”. - Mark Chu-Carroll
The choice of the university is mostly important for the piece of paper you get at the end. The education you get depends on you. - Andreas Zwinkau
Remember that you are humans in the first place and only after that programmers. - Alexandru Vancea
As builders and creators finding the perfect solution should not be our main goal. We should find the perfect problem. - Isaac (blog comment)
Just like carpentry, measure twice cut once. - Super-sizing YouTube with Python (Mike Solomon, mike@youtube.com)
The good thing about reinventing the wheel is that you get a round one. - Douglas Crockford (Author of JSON and JsLint)
I feel it is everybodies obligation to reach for the best in themselves and use that for the interest of mankind. - Corneluis (comment on 'Are you going to change the world? (Really?)')
Resume writing is just like dating, or applying for a bank loan, in that nobody wants you if you're desperate. - Steve Yegge.
It(mastering)’s knowing what you are doing. - Joesgoals.com
If I tell you I'm good, you would probably think I'm boasting. If I tell you I'm no good, you know I'm lying. - Bruce Lee
If something isn’t working, you need to look back and figure out what got you excited in the first place. - David Gorman (ImThere.com)
Seize any opportunity, or anything that looks like opportunity. They are rare, much rarer than you think... - Nassim Nicholas Taleb, 'The Black Swan'.
We tend to seek easy, single-factor explanations of success. For most important things, though, success actually requires avoiding many separate causes of failure. - Jared Diamond
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least. - Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe (1749-1832)
I think the root of your mistake is saying that macros don't scale to larger groups. The real truth is that macros don't scale to stupider groups. - Paul Graham, on the Lightweight Languages mailing list.
Argue with idiots, and you become an idiot. If you compete with slaves you become a slave. - Paul Graham and Norbert Weiner, respectively
Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them. - Alan Perlis
It is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt axe. It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.  - Edsger Dijkstra
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as lines produced but as lines spent. - Edsger Dijkstra
The most damaging phrase in the language is, It's always been done that way. - Rear Admiral Grace Hopper
The only thing a man should ever be 100% convinced of is his own ignorance. - DJ MacLean
In theory, there’s no difference between theory and practice. But in practice, there is. - Albert Einstein
Act from reason, and failure makes you rethink and study harder. Act from faith, and failure makes you blame someone and push harder. -  Erik Naggum
Measure everything you can about the product, and you'll start seeing patterns. - Max Levchin, PayPal founder, Talk at StartupSchool2007
Quality of the people is better than the quality of the business idea. Crappy people can screw up the best idea in the world. - Hadi Partovi & Ali Partovi (iLike.com), Talk at StartupSchool2007
The only constant in the world of hi-tech is change. - Mark Ward
Write it properly first. It's easier to make a correct program fast, than to make a fast program correct. - http://www.cpax.org.uk/prg/
You can’t get to version 500 if you don’t start with a version 1. - BetterExplained.com
The wonderful and frustrating thing about understanding yourself is that nobody can do it for you. - BetterExplained.com
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. - Sherlock Holmes
In order to understand what another person is saying, you must assume that it is true and try to find out what it could be true of. - George Miller
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. - Lao­Tzu
C’s great for what it’s great for. - Ben Hoyts (micropledge)
There is one meaning [for static in C]: a global variable that is invisible outside the current scope, be it a function or a file. - Paolo Bonzini
Processors don't get better so that they can have more free time. Processors get better so _you_ can have more free time. - LeCamarade (freeshells.ch)
Understanding why C++ is the way it is helps a programmer use it well. A deep understanding of a tool is essential for an expert craftsman. - Bjarne Stroustrap
No art, however minor, demands less than total dedication if you want to excel in it. - Alberti
The minute you put the blame on someone else you’ve switch things from being a problem you can control to a problem outside of your control. - engtech (internetducttape.com)
State is the root of all evil. In particular functions with side effects should be avoided. - OO Sucks (bluetail.com)
It is better to be quiet and thought a fool than to open your mouth and remove all doubt. - WikiHow
Simplicity means the achievement of maximum effect with minimum means. - Dr. Koichi Kawana
Normality is the route to nowhere. - Ridderstrale & Nordstorm, Funky Business
The problem is that Microsoft just has no taste. And I don't mean that in a small way, I mean that in a big way. - Steve Jobs
Do you want to sell sugared water all your life or do you want to change the world? - Steve Jobs, to John Sculley (former Pepsi executive)
Good work is no done by ‘humble’ men. - H. Hardy, A mathematician's apology.
Simplicity and pragmatism beat complexity and theory any day. - Dennis (blog comment)
Remember, always be yourself ... unless you suck! - Joss Whedon
All great things require great dedication. - Chuck Norris(?)
I'm always happy to trade performance for readability as long as the former isn't already scarce. - Crayz (Commentor on blog.raganwald.com)
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. - Benjamin Franklin
A no uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a yes merely uttered to please or what is worse, to avoid trouble. - Mahatma Gandhi
The general principle for complexity design is this: Think locally, act locally. - Richard P. Gabriel & Ron Goldman, Mob Software: The Erotic Life of Code
Programming is the art of figuring out what you want so precisely that even a machine can do it. - Some guy who isn't famous
Making All Software Into Tools Reduces Risk. - smoothspan.com
Some may say Ruby is a bad rip-off of Lisp or Smalltalk, and I admit that. But it is nicer to ordinary people. - Matz, LL2
Two people should stay together if together they are better people than they would be individually. - ?
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well. - Earl of Chesterfield
More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - including blind stupidity. - W.A. Wulf
We should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time: premature optimization is the root of all evil. - Donald Knuth
The best is the enemy of the good. - Voltaire
The job of a leader today is not to create followers. It’s to create more leaders. - Ralph Nader
Only make new mistakes. - Phil Dourado
You can recognize truth by its beauty and simplicity. When you get it right, it is obvious that it is right. - Richard Feynman
Talkers are no good doers. - William Shakespeare, 'Henry VI'
Photography is painting with light. - Eric Hamilton
Good artists copy. Great artists steal. - Pablo Picasso
The problem is that small examples fail to convince, and large examples are too big to follow. - Steve Yegge.
We are the sum of our behaviours; excellence therefore is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle.
The purpose of abstraction is not to be vague, but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise. - Edsger Dijkstra
Every man prefers belief to the exercise of judgment. - Seneca
It’s hard to grasp abstractions if you don’t understand what they’re abstracting away from. - Nathan Weizenbaum
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. - Thomas Jefferson
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed. - George Burns
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough. - Mario Andretti
Chance favors the prepared mind. - Louis Pasteur
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming. - Brian Kernigan
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. - Grady Booch
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. - Bill Gates
First learn computer science and all the theory.  Next develop a programming style.  Then forget all that and just hack. - George Carrette
To iterate is human, to recurse divine. - L. Peter Deutsch
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. - Anonymous
Should array indices start at 0 or 1?  My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration. - Stan Kelly-Bootle
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore be regarded as a criminal offense. - E.W. Dijkstra
Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders. - Alanna
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution. - Robert Sewell
Software is like sex: It’s better when it’s free. - Linus Torvalds
Any code of your own that you haven’t looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else. - Eagleson’s Law
Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case. - Francis Glassborow
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. - Edsger W. Dijkstra
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. - Martin Golding
Everything that can be invented has been invented. - Charles H. Duell, Commissioner, U.S. Office of Patents, 1899
I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers. - Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 1948
But what is it good for? - Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM, commenting on the microchip, 1968
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home. - Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment Corporation, 1977
640K ought to be enough for anybody. - Bill Gates, 1981
Windows NT addresses 2 Gigabytes of RAM, which is more than any application will ever need. - Microsoft, on the development of Windows NT, 1992
We will never become a truly paper-less society until the Palm Pilot folks come out with WipeMe 1.0. - Andy Pierson
If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger. - Frank Lloyd Wright
Lisp is a programmable programming language. - John Foderaro
I guess, when you're drunk, every woman looks beautiful and every language looks (like) a Lisp :) - Lament, #scheme@freenode.net
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas Edison
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible. - Arthur C. Clarke
Any sufficiently advanced technology is undistinguishable from magic. - Arthur C. Clarke
Good ideas are out there for anyone with the wit and the will to find them. - Malcolm Gladwell, Who says big ideas are rare?
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it. - Donald Knuth
The human brain starts working the moment you are born and never stops until you stand up to speak in public. - Anonymous
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are always cocksure and the intelligent are always filled with doubt. - Bertrand Russell
C++ is like teenage sex: Everybody is talking about it all the time, only few are really doing it. - unknown
Functional programming is to algorithms as the ubiquitous little black dress is to women's fashion. - Mark Tarver (of 'The bipolar Lisp programmer' fame)
Java and C++ make you think that the new ideas are like the old ones. Java is the most distressing thing to hit computing since MS-DOS. - Alan Kay
Simple things should be simple. Complex things should be possible. - Alan Kay
I invented the term Object-Oriented, and I can tell you I did not have C++ in mind. - Alan Kay
All creativity is an extended form of a joke. - Alan Kay
If you don't fail at least 90 percent of the time, you're not aiming high enough. - Alan Kay
Revolutions come from standing on the shoulders of giants and facing in a better direction. - Alan Kay
If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, it's a duck. - Official definition of 'duck typing'
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution. - Bertrand Russell
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak. - Hans Hofmann
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. - Winston Churchill
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration. - Thomas Edison
I’d rather write programs to write programs than write programs. - Richard Sites
Heureux l'étudiant qui comme la Rivière peut suivre son cours sans quitter son lit... - Sebastien, sur commentcamarche.net
:nunmap can also be used outside of a monastery. - Vim user manual
I had to learn how to teach less, so that more could be learned. - Tim Gallwey, The inner game of work
The Work Begins Anew, The Hope Rises Again, And The Dream Lives On. - Ted Kennedy
The hardest part of design ... is keeping features out. - Donald Norman
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. - Ralph Johnson
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. - Colin Powell
Be the change you want to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it [Leadership]. - Dwight D. Enseinhover.
No one is all evil. Everybody has a good side. If you keep waiting, it will comme up. - Randy Pausch
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want. - Cited by Randy Pausch
Luck is where preparation meets opportunity. - Randy Pausch
The greatest of all weaknesses is the fear of appearing weak. - J. B. Bossuet, Politics from Holy Writ, 1709
It's easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission. - Rear Admiral Dr. Grace Hopper
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest. - Benjamin Franklin
Natives who beat drums to drive off evil spirits are objects of scorn to smart Americans who blow horns to break up traffic jams. - Mary Ellen Kelly
Never do the impossible. People will expect you to do it forever after. - pigsandfishes.com
Give up control. You never really had it anyway. - How to fail: 25 secrets learned through failure
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity. And I'm not so sure about the former. - Albert Einstein
The important thing is not to stop questioning. - Albert Einstein
Do not accept anything because it comes from the mouth of a respected person. - Buddha
Work as intensely as you play and play as intensely as you work. - Eric S. Raymond, How To Be A Hacker
A witty saying proves nothing - Voltaire
Sound methodology can empower and liberate the creative mind; it cannot inflame or inspire the drudge. - Frederick P. Brooks, No Sliver Bullet.
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you now have was once among the things only hoped for. - Greek philosopher Epicurus
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. - Mark Twain
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. - Dr. Seuss
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. - Elie Wiesel
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. - Mark Twain
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. - Friedrich Nietzsche
In terms of energy, it's better to make a wrong choice than none at all. - George Leonard, Mastery.
Courage is grace under pressure. - Ernest Hemingway
Before enlightenment, chop wood and carry water. After enlightenment, chop wood and carry water. - Ancient Eastern adage
Acknowledging the negative doesn't mean sniveling [whining, complaining]; it means facing the truth and then moving on. - George Leonard, Mastery.
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. - Goethe
Are you willing to wear your white belt? - George Leonard, Mastery.
You won't pass this exam - Jack The Student.
I hope this won't be randomly selected first, that would be such a thrash easter egg. - slimer
'Programming' is a four-letter word. - Craig Bruce
Low-level programming is good for the programmer's soul. - John Carmack
Object-oriented programming is an exceptionally bad idea which could only have originated in California. - Edsger Dijkstra
Computer programming has always been a self-taught, maverick occupation. - Ellen Ullman
Everyday life is like programming, I guess. If you love something you can put beauty into it. - Donald Knuth
There was something amazingly enticing about programming. - Vint Cerf
Now, it's my belief that Python is a lot easier than to teach to students programming and teach them C or C++ or Java at the same time because all the details of the languages are so much harder. Other scripting languages really don't work very well there either. - Guido van Rossum
J2ME programmers count bytes the way a super-model counts calories. – Unknown
Java: write once, run away! –Brucee
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution. – Robert Sewell
Saying that Java is good because it works on all platforms is like saying anal sex is good because it works on all genders. – Unknown
Java is a DSL to transform big XML documents into long exception stack traces. – Scott Bellware
The definition of Hell is working with dates in Java, JDBC, and Oracle. Every single one of them screw it up. – Dick Wall CommunityOne 2007: Lunch with the Java Posse
There are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. The first method is far more difficult. – C.A.R. Hoare (British computer scientist, winner of the 1980 Turing Award)
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. – Edsger Dijkstra (Dutch computer scientist, winner of the 1972 Turing Award)
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. – Bill Gates
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it. – Brian W. Kernighan
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. – Martin Golding
When debugging, novices insert corrective code; experts remove defective code. – Richard Pattis
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter. – Eric S. Raymond (American programmer, open source software advocate, author of “The Cathedral and the Bazaar”)
Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program.- Linus Torvalds
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning. – Rich Cook
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.- Martin Fowler
Good code is its own best documentation. As you’re about to add a comment, ask yourself, ‘How can I improve the code so that this comment isn’t needed?’ – Steve McConnell
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code. – Ken Thompson
Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves. – Alan Kay
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. – Ralph Johnson
If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along wound destroy civilization. – Gerald Weinberg
It should be noted that no ethically-trained software engineer would ever consent to write a DestroyBaghdad procedure. Basic professional ethics would instead require him to write a DestroyCity procedure, to which Baghdad could be given as a parameter. – Nathaniel Borenstein
No matter how slick the demo is in rehearsal, when you do it in front of a live audience the probability of a flawless presentation is inversely proportional to the number of people watching, raised to the power of the amount of money involved. –Mark Gibbs
Don’t include a single line in your code which you could not explain to your grandmother in a matter of two minutes. – Unknown
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. – Bryan
Good design adds value faster than it adds cost.
Simplicity and elegance are unpopular because thy require hard work and discipline to achieve and education to be appreciated. — Edsger Dijkstra
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. – John Johnson
Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration. – Stan Kelly-Bootle
Linux is only free if your time has no value. –  Jamie Zawinski
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. – Abelson / Sussman
Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined. – Kreitzberg and Shneiderman
Copy and paste is a design error. – David Parnas
Any code of your own that you haven’t looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else. – Eagleson’s law
It’s hard enough to find an error in your code when you’re looking for it; it’s even harder when you’ve assumed your code is error-free. – Steve McConnell
Software sucks because users demand it to. – Nathan Myhrvold
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the universe trying to build bigger and better idiots. So far, the universe is winning. - Rick Cook
Lisp isn't a language, it's a building material. - Alan Kay.
Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen. - Edward V Berard
They don't make bugs like Bunny anymore. - Olav Mjelde.
A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant. - Alan J. Perlis.
A C program is like a fast dance on a newly waxed dance floor by people carrying razors. - Waldi Ravens.
I have always wished for my computer to be as easy to use as my telephone; my wish has come true because I can no longer figure out how to use my telephone. - Bjarne Stroustrup
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter. - Eric S. Raymond
Don’t worry if it doesn’t work right. If everything did, you’d be out of a job. - Mosher’s Law of Software Engineering
I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing. - Oktal
Fine, Java MIGHT be a good example of what a programming language should be like. But Java applications are good examples of what applications SHOULDN’T be like. - pixadel
Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, software development is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called an engineering discipline. - Bill Clinton
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore be regarded as a criminal offense. - E.W. Dijkstra
In the one and only true way. The object-oriented version of 'Spaghetti code' is, of course, 'Lasagna code'. (Too many layers). - Roberto Waltman.
FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed — it is hardy, occasionally blooms, and grows in every computer. - Alan J. Perlis.
For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless. And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. They are, in short, a perfect match. - Bill Bryson
In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be indented six feet downward and covered with dirt. - Blair P. Houghton.
When someone says: 'I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done', give him a lollipop. - Alan J. Perlis
The evolution of languages: FORTRAN is a non-typed language. C is a weakly typed language. Ada is a strongly typed language. C++ is a strongly hyped language. - Ron Sercely
Good design adds value faster than it adds cost. - Thomas C. Gale
Python's a drop-in replacement for BASIC in the sense that Optimus Prime is a drop-in replacement for a truck. - Cory Dodt
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. - Linus Torvalds
Perfection [in design] is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
C is quirky, flawed, and an enormous success. - Dennis M. Ritchie.
In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they’re not. - Yoggi Berra
You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. -  Jim McCarthy
PHP is a minor evil perpetrated and created by incompetent amateurs, whereas Perl is a great and insidious evil, perpetrated by skilled but perverted professionals. - Jon Ribbens
Programming is like kicking yourself in the face, sooner or later your nose will bleed. - Kyle Woodbury
Perl – The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption. - Keith Bostic
It is easier to port a shell than a shell script. - Larry Wall
I invented the term 'Object-Oriented', and I can tell you I did not have C++ in mind. - Alan Kay
Learning to program has no more to do with designing interactive software than learning to touch type has to do with writing poetry - Ted Nelson
The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability. - Randall E. Stross
If McDonalds were run like a software company, one out of every hundred Big Macs would give you food poisoning, and the response would be, ‘We’re sorry, here’s a coupon for two more.’  - Mark Minasi
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it. - Donald E. Knuth.
Computer system analysis is like child-rearing; you can do grievous damage, but you cannot ensure success. - Tom DeMarco
I don't care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine! - Vidiu Platon.
Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code. - Christopher Thompson
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. - Bill Gates
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it. - Brian W. Kernighan.
People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on each other, like a wall of mini stones. - Donald Knuth
First learn computer science and all the theory. Next develop a programming style. Then forget all that and just hack. - George Carrette
Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris. - Larry Wall
Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves. - Alan Kay
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. - Seymour Cray
To iterate is human, to recurse divine. - L. Peter Deutsch
On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament]: 'Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?' I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question. - Charles Babbage
Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program." - Linus Torvalds
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. - Martin Golding
There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. - C.A.R. Hoare
Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out. - Chris Pine
The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it. - Dennis Ritchie
Sometimes it's better to leave something alone, to pause, and that's very true of programming. - Joyce Wheeler
In some ways, programming is like painting. You start with a blank canvas and certain basic raw materials. You use a combination of science, art, and craft to determine what to do with them. - Andrew Hunt
Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding. - Burt Rutan
The best error message is the one that never shows up. - Thomas Fuchs
The most damaging phrase in the language is.. it's always been done this way - Grace Hopper
Don't write better error messages, write code that doesn't need them. - Jason C. McDonald